README.md, before:

# OpConsole Self Service Manager
This terminal program is designed to help move Self Service buttons between OpCon environments.  Future releases will include command line optios for running from OpCon, moving all the buttons in a selected Category (as well as creating the Category in the destination), and options to "transform" certain fields like Roles/Category.

![OpConsole](documentation/imgs/OpConsoleSS.JPG)

# Prerequisites
* Powershell 7+
* Powershell Module - Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleGuiTools 
* OpCon environments on Release 17+
* OpCon license with access to OpCon API

# Instructions
To install the Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleGuiTools modules do the following:
```
Install-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleGuiTools 
```
Launch the terminal like this:
```
pwsh OpConsole_SS_Manager.ps1
```
After launching use F2 (or your mouse) and navigate to Menu -> Connect to OpCon
![Login](documentation/imgs/OpConsoleSSLogin.JPG)

Once authenticated you can then select the button checkbox at the bottom and see the buttons in your "source" environment that you have access to move:
![Buttons](documentation/imgs/OpConsoleSSButtons.JPG)

You can then select the "SEND" option to copy the button to the other OpCon environment!  The role for the button will default to "ocadm" but any existing categories will carry over if they exist in the destination OpCon environment.  Future releases may have the option to also create the role/s and/or category.

# Disclaimer
No Support and No Warranty are provided by SMA Technologies for this project and related material. The use of this project's files is on your own risk.

SMA Technologies assumes no liability for damage caused by the usage of any of the files offered here via this Github repository.

# License
Copyright 2019 SMA Technologies

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at [apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

# Contributing
We love contributions, please read our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started!

# Code of Conduct
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](code-of-conduct.md)
SMA Technologies has adopted the [Contributor Covenant](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) as its Code of Conduct, and we expect project participants to adhere to it. Please read the [full text](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) so that you can understand what actions will and will not be tolerated.

Commit message:

Added documentation for command line
Also added a link for Powershell 7 releases

README.md, after:

# OpConsole Self Service Manager
This terminal program is designed to help move Self Service buttons between OpCon environments.  Future releases will include command line optios for running from OpCon, moving all the buttons in a selected Category (as well as creating the Category in the destination), and options to "transform" certain fields like Roles/Category.

![OpConsole](documentation/imgs/OpConsoleSS.JPG)

# Prerequisites
* <a href="https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases">Powershell 7+</a>
* Powershell Module - Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleGuiTools 
* OpCon environments on Release 17+
* OpCon license with access to OpCon API

# Instructions
To install the Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleGuiTools modules do the following:
```
Install-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.ConsoleGuiTools 
```

Run the program in OpCon or from a command line like this:
```
pwsh OpConsole_SS_Manager.ps1 -cli -srcToken "1234" -srcURL "https://<server>:<port>" -destToken "5678" -destURL "https://<server>:<port>" -button "My Button"
```

Launch the terminal gui like this:
```
pwsh OpConsole_SS_Manager.ps1
```
After launching use F2 (or your mouse) and navigate to Menu -> Connect to OpCon
![Login](documentation/imgs/OpConsoleSSLogin.JPG)

Once authenticated you can then select the button checkbox at the bottom and see the buttons in your "source" environment that you have access to move:
![Buttons](documentation/imgs/OpConsoleSSButtons.JPG)

You can then select the "SEND" option to copy the button to the other OpCon environment!  The role for the button will default to "ocadm" but any existing categories will carry over if they exist in the destination OpCon environment.  Future releases may have the option to also create the role/s and/or category.

# Disclaimer
No Support and No Warranty are provided by SMA Technologies for this project and related material. The use of this project's files is on your own risk.

SMA Technologies assumes no liability for damage caused by the usage of any of the files offered here via this Github repository.

# License
Copyright 2019 SMA Technologies

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at [apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

# Contributing
We love contributions, please read our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started!

# Code of Conduct
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](code-of-conduct.md)
SMA Technologies has adopted the [Contributor Covenant](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) as its Code of Conduct, and we expect project participants to adhere to it. Please read the [full text](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) so that you can understand what actions will and will not be tolerated.
